README.md, before:


SMB-Connector - C++ connector implementation around libsmbclient
=============================================

Overview
---------

SMB-Connector provides protobuf based communication mechanism on top of libsmbclient APIs which can be used by gateway to serve multiple clients in parallel. Its easy to integrate SMB-Connector with most of programming language since its the protobuf library can generate data access classes for most of the well know programming languages.

Supported OS Versions
----------------------
RHEL 7, SLES12-SP2


Dependencies
---------------------
gnutls, libprotobuf, log4cpp, google-test (gtest), doxygen (optional, required to generate documentation)

The directory structure is
```
|-src
    |- samba               - samba library [https://github.com/samba-team/samba]
    |- src
        |- base             - Logging, Error implementation
        |- packet           - Packet, Packet Creator, Packet Parser implementation
        |- protobuf         - protocol buffer files
        |- protocol_buffers - auto-generated files using protocol buffers (should be removed from code base)
        |- processor        - Processor implementation which process Request
        |- smb              - c++ wrapper around libsmbclient apis
        |- socket           - IO implementation for Unix Domain Socket using epoll
        |- core             - Core classes implementation (SessionManager, Client and Server)
    |- unit-tests          - unit test code
```

Fetch Samba code and apply patch for new APIs
----------------
Download samba code (version 4.6.6) from [here](https://download.samba.org/pub/samba/stable/samba-4.6.6.tar.gz).

Extract the same as samba folder in root folder of the project.

Copy all patch files from 0001 to 0007 in samba folder.

Apply patch to samba code. Execute following command for all patch files one by one (patch -p1 < 0001-Added-smbc_SetConfiguration-which-lets-the-user-set-.patch)

Build Instructions
--------------------

The project uses 'cmake' to build SMBConnector and 'make' to build samba

Ensure above mentioned dependencies are installed.

1. build_all.sh             - Samba and SMB-Connector debug as well as release build
2. build_debug.sh           - Samba and SMB-Connector debug build
3. build_rel.sh             - Samba and SMB-Connector release build
4. build_samba_debug.sh     - Samba debug build
5. build_samba_rel.sh       - Samba release build
6. cmake_debug.sh           - SMB-Connector debug build
7. cmake_rel.sh             - SMB-Connector release build
8. generate_gcov.sh         - Generates *.gcov file in gcov_report folder
9. generate_proto_buf.sh    - Generates protobuf files from .proto files


Run Unit-tests
---------------------

SMB-Connector uses gtest (google testing framework) for executing unit-tests

A local samba server needs to be setup

Steps to setup a local Samba server for unit-test
- Install Samba (yum install samba)
- Add a 'test' user (useradd -m test)
- Set the password for the 'test', the password should be 'test' (passwd test)
- Add it as samba user (smbpasswd -a test)
- Allow samba through SELinux (sudo setsebool -P samba_export_all_rw on)

Commit message:

Rebase smb-connector code to latest

README.md, after:


SMB-Connector - C++ connector implementation around libsmbclient
=============================================

Overview
---------

SMB-Connector is a c++ connector around libsmbclient (samba.org).
It uses google's protocol buffers message for communication.

Supported OS Versions
----------------------
RHEL 7, SLES12-SP2


Dependencies
---------------------
gnutls, libprotobuf, log4cpp, google-test (gtest), doxygen (optional, required to generate documentation)

The directory structure is
```
|-src
    |- samba               - samba library [https://github.com/samba-team/samba]
    |- src
        |- base             - Logging, Error implementation
        |- packet           - Packet, Packet Creator, Packet Parser implementation
        |- protobuf         - protocol buffer files
        |- protocol_buffers - auto-generated files using protocol buffers (should be removed from code base)
        |- processor        - Processor implementation which process Request
        |- smb              - c++ wrapper around libsmbclient apis
        |- socket           - IO implementation for Unix Domain Socket using epoll
        |- core             - Core classes implementation (SessionManager, Client and Server)
    |- unit-tests          - unit test code
```


Build Instructions
--------------------

The project uses 'cmake' to build SMBConnector and 'make' to build samba

Ensure above mentioned dependencies are installed.

1. build_all.sh             - Samba and SMB-Connector debug as well as release build
2. build_debug.sh           - Samba and SMB-Connector debug build
3. build_rel.sh             - Samba and SMB-Connector release build
4. build_samba_debug.sh     - Samba debug build
5. build_samba_rel.sh       - Samba release build
6. cmake_debug.sh           - SMB-Connector debug build
7. cmake_rel.sh             - SMB-Connector release build
8. generate_gcov.sh         - Generates *.gcov file in gcov_report folder
9. generate_proto_buf.sh    - Generates protobuf files from .proto files


Run Unit-tests
---------------------

SMB-Connector uses gtest (google testing framework) for executing unit-tests

A local samba server needs to be setup

Steps to setup a local Samba server for unit-test
    1. Install Samba (yum install samba)
    2. Add a 'test' user (useradd -m test)
    3. Set the password for the 'test', the password should be 'test' (passwd test)
    4. Add it as samba user (smbpasswd -a test)
    5. Allow samba through SELinux (sudo setsebool -P samba_export_all_rw on)
